The IRC log can be found [http://www.midgard.liu.se/~n02jonka/gobolinux_20080119.html here].

===Development===
* 014 - will there be a package/fix update (with silly name)
* Date vs functionallity - When we set a date what should be priority
* Stages - what stages should we have, what should be done for each stage and when is it done
* Roles - Besides Carlo, should we have roles and what should they be
** Tool leads, roadmap feature leads, recipe maintainers
* Roadmap - what should be on it
** See below

===Roadmap to 015===
Prospective items on the 015 roadmap:
* /Files - what to do with it
** Lead: Detsch
** Move things like fonts to /Programs, keep compatibility symlinks
* Authentication (PAM)
** Lead: Jonas
** needs use flags.
* Project management tool
** Lead: Lucas (Mantis admin), mpb (recipes.g.o), Carlo
** Tasks: update Mantis, maintainer tracking in recipes.g.o, links between recipes.g.o and wiki/bugtracker.
* Automated packaging
** Lead: Lucas, Carlo, Jonas
** ChrootCompile changes are needed
* Make Base/CD/1G Flash images for snapshots.  encourage greater testing.
** Lead: Carlo
* Grow release, starting with Base -> Desktop -> Apps
** Agreed upon. See Stages above.
* new bootprocess
** Lead: Hisham, Carlo
** Dependency based. Reuse existing one if possible. Upstart is an option. Need to evaluate stuff.
* use flags
** Lead: Michael, Hisham
* revamped freshen
** Lead: Michael, Detsch
** Freshen+Manager with a shared backend

Open discussion:

* initrd for the install (for lvm and suspend to HDD for example)

===Roadmap 016===
* /System/Index
* get rid of /Files

===Other Future Projects===
* System management GUI
* Encrypted home dirs
* /System/Aliens use language specific module managers.  For install CPAN, ruby-gems, LuaRocks.
[[Category:IRC_Meetings]]